README.md, before:

# Trappr Keepr

A code challenge for Slack

*** Due Tuesday ***

## Requirements

Access a public API and successfully retrieve data from it;
  - Display that data on a page;
  - Update the UI of a page without refreshing;
  - Build a well-factored, extensible codebase you'd be proud to have other people work with; and

Using only native JavaScript (no libraries such as jQuery or React, although CSS and JavaScript preprocessors and polyfills are fine). 

A webpage that
  - show a grid of photo thumbnails
  - when a thumbnail is clicked
    - the photo should be displayed in a lightbox view
      - the lightbox view should:
        - have the ability to move to the next, previous photos
        - display the photo title

- Must run without errors in the latest versions of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and Edge.

## Submission

- Must be deployed
- Source code as a zipped Git repository (create a local repo for your code and commit your files as you normally would; when the exercise is complete, zip your main directory, including the .git directory, and send it to us).
- Note: If you use GitHub, please make your repo private or remove it after you submit your work. We wouldn't want someone to submit your work as their own later! Please be sure to submit using the (GreenHouse) link provided in this email.
- If you have any notes or instructions about the exercise, please include them in a README.md file in your repo. 

## Suggestions

You can use any public API that returns photos; here are some ideas:

- Flickr: https://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photosets.getPhotos.html
- Google Image Search: https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview

Commit message:

Adds testing setup and first unit test

README.md, after:

# Trappr Keepr

A code challenge for Slack *** Due Tuesday ***

## Testing

Open the html page in `test/test.html` to see unit tests

## Requirements

Access a public API and successfully retrieve data from it;
  - Display that data on a page;
  - Update the UI of a page without refreshing;
  - Build a well-factored, extensible codebase you'd be proud to have other people work with; and

Using only native JavaScript (no libraries such as jQuery or React, although CSS and JavaScript preprocessors and polyfills are fine). 

A webpage that
  - show a grid of photo thumbnails
  - when a thumbnail is clicked
    - the photo should be displayed in a lightbox view
      - the lightbox view should:
        - have the ability to move to the next, previous photos
        - display the photo title

- Must run without errors in the latest versions of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and Edge.

## Submission

- Must be deployed
- Source code as a zipped Git repository (create a local repo for your code and commit your files as you normally would; when the exercise is complete, zip your main directory, including the .git directory, and send it to us).
- Note: If you use GitHub, please make your repo private or remove it after you submit your work. We wouldn't want someone to submit your work as their own later! Please be sure to submit using the (GreenHouse) link provided in this email.
- If you have any notes or instructions about the exercise, please include them in a README.md file in your repo. 

## Suggestions

You can use any public API that returns photos; here are some ideas:

- Flickr: https://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photosets.getPhotos.html
- Google Image Search: https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview
